This project is a March Madness Bracket Predictor that allows users to simulate the NCAA tournament while being able to make informed decisions using the statistics given, while also using personal judgment from previous knowledge. The program displays a GUI that holds all 4 of the regions along with the 16 teams in their proper regions to still fulfill the bracket progression of the NCAA tournament. My program relies on several classes to keep and ensure functionality. The bracket class is one of our main structures that is used to store all teams and manage their progression through each round. This class also tracks the regional champions and the national champion. Our game class is our individual matchup generator between 2 teams and contains the method for comparing our statistics displayed in our GUI for each team. Our data importer stores all the data for each individual team and properly displays it using variables previously declared. A lot of what is presented and is happening in our GUI is handled through our BracketPanel class, which is our main screen for the program. This launches the program to display our 4 region buttons so you can select where you want to start in the bracket. Once you click the region, you will see 2 teams being displayed along with statistics, play style, and key players, so that you can make an informed decision on who moves on. There will also be a suggested button feature that is displayed to not only help with your informed decision making, but to get a more simulation type feel for some of the picks. As you progress and complete each region, the main display will show you the champion for each region you picked and give you the option to go back and fill out a region if you aren't confident in a pick. As you fill out all of your regional champions, the program will take you into the final four display, where the 4 regional champions will play their proper matchups in the NCAA traditional bracket format. The same interaction is available for the users, where they can still view statistical comparisons, suggested picks, and their own picks. Once you complete the final four, the program will display the champion you chose. I ran into a whole lot of problems while creating this program, and reflecting on it, I may have been overzealous in my vision for this project. One of the biggest problems I ran into that forced me to have to restart was considering organizing the teams in regions instead of displaying all 64 matchups on the screen at once. Trying to work with what I already had, I ran into some confusion as to how I could keep the code I had while changing what is seen in the GUI, so I started over with the idea that I would build the region selection at the beginning of the GUI program. Another problem I ran into was the implementation of certain buttons and features that I wanted in the program. The 2 biggest are the restart button at the end of our program and the " show more stats” button. I couldn't figure out how to get the program to restart to certain portions consistently without messing up any of the other components within our program. I also ran into some seeding issues midway through the coding process, which caused some major issues with the program running. I initially had it set up where the seeds were playing in a 1v2, 3v4, etc. format that didn't match the traditional format of 1 vs 16, 2 vs 15, and so forth and so on format. Another feature I wanted to implement was a more accurate suggestion button. As of right now, the suggested pick button goes based on 9 statistical categories and chooses the team that is favored the most out of the 9 statistical categories. This doesn't necessarily tell the full story of what stats are more important and what stats aren't. I wanted to create a system of logic where it would score the favorite in a certain category in a weighted way, so that in the closer team battles, it would show a clearer difference in not only the team's ability but what exactly they excel at, without having to watch them play. In the future, I want to improve on the visual aspect of the program, including pictures of the team's mascots, key players, and coaches. I also want to learn how to implement video so that there is a little highlight tape of each team's biggest moments to get a glimpse of the team's abilities. Overall, the project is something that I have worked really hard on, and I am really proud of, and I look forward to taking these skills that I have acquired to not only improve this program but to create more fluent programs in the future. 
